Okay. So now, we'll look at another universe quant feature which is market volatility.
So we're also going to build another class for
market volatility which also inherits from custom factor.
This will measure the standard deviation of the returns of the market.
In this case, we're approximating the market as
the equal weighted average return of all the stocks in the stock universe.
So here are some formulas that we'll implement in code.
First, the market return is just taking
the simple equal weighted average of the returns of all the stocks for each day.
Next, we'll just take the average market return which is taking
the averages of these for each day over a particular window length.
Then, from there we're going to calculate the standard deviation of the market returns.
We're also going to annualize from daily to annual.
Okay. So here's some hints.
Use numpy.nanmean.
Also, think about whether you need to set the access to equal to zero or equal to one.
Okay. So you can think about this for a bit.
Also, one thing to note here is that we're setting
a variable annualization factor in this way.
So you can actually use a variable
called annualization factor within the compute function.
It's just set this way params is a dictionary,
and the key is annualization factor and the value is 252.
Okay. Then, you can use a variable called
annualization factor within the compute function.
So once you've defined market volatility,
you can instantiate it,
and then add it to the pipeline.
So please try it out,
and when you're done,
have a look at the solution video. Thanks.